so this week I'm going to be talking
about some of the best things that I saw
coming out of CES 2014 so CES is always
a goldmine for new and really exciting
trends but these are my favorites my
number 5 turn is called dental health
tracking toothbrushes and these are
really cool toothbrushes they're made of
silicone and so they look really sleek
and modern they look like something from
the Jetsons but they're also really
smart and that they can tell the last
time you brush your teeth they have a
built-in reminder system so that you're
always on point when it comes to your
dental health which I really appreciate
my number four trend is called the mobi
a g-series and this is a truck full it's
like a wearable fitness tracker and
basically what's innovative but this is
that it's more accurate than most
wristbands and also can actually detect
your posture as well which I need a ton
of help with I'd actually just correct
my posture right now my number three
trend is called a chrono watch this is
described in the article as a cobra like
watch because basically instead of just
going around your wrist it's sort of
like coils in a way and actually the
display of the watch is on the inside
and not fixing up so that's really
interesting in terms of the way that
it's just designed it's also super
futuristic looking it has a lot more
features than a normal watch so though
this isn't really my style or anything I
would wear I just think it's a really
interesting look at where wearable
technology is going my number two train
is called the Clio clearview speaker and
this is one of the most futuristic
looking speakers I've ever seen so
instead of having the traditional black
and chunky design it basically is a
silver mount with basically a piece of
glass that is actually functions as a
speaker this is obviously a really
futuristic take on speakers and it just
looks a lot more compact and sleeps them
the things that we're used to seeing in
this area my number-one trend is called
the chance and air conditioner and this
is really exciting for me because
basically I hate air conditioners and
this specific model allows you to
control it with your smartphone I run
cold and I find that people really over
use air conditioners so I would love if
this allowed me to sort of passive
aggressively turned down the AEC I mean
what more can I want from CES 2014 so
if you know of any other CES 2014 trends
that I should know about please tweet
them to me equity he needs hi